With the life standard being gradually enhenced and the number of children in a family dimilishing, there is a fiercer debate on education methods than before. This is a arguement supported by some people that childen should complete the acitivities assigned by schools alone. But I believe that working in a small group is a better approach for children's upbringing.

It's undeniable that studying by children themselve is the precious opportunity to conduct self-assessment. Through a thorough self-evaluation, children can know their personal ability and quality, then choosing the next stage where they want themselve to go. So When they have to face the new challenge, the goal and scheme can be designed to be more suitable for themselve based on the previous self test. Furthermore, detecting one's deflects is also critical step forwards. This is a indispensable component during the course of growing up to make oneself always move in the right direction. Therefore, the chances handling the homework problems on one's own should be offered to children.

However, cooperation is the most important ablity for children in future reality. The ability to communicate with other people is the basis of cooperation. Woking in a small group to solve the shared issue is a meaningful way to practice their ability of communication. As a leader, they can learn to speak in a convincing way to convey what we should do next, and, as a team member, they can still learn some talking skills, like suggesting in a more receivable way. As far as I know, either the activity between children or the working project between adults, comflict often happens. If children have the chance to encounter this problem as early as possible, they will deal with it better when facing these problems in the following time. By contrast, Always working alone deprives this kind of chance. Therefore, setting about working with a small group of people is a premise of master the ablity to cooperate.



增加Only的倒装
As far as I know
a fiercer debate
cooperation
during the course of growing up
set about
